gitwatch: add page (#10324)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gitwatch.md

# gitwatch

> Automatically commit file or directory changes to a git repository.
> More information: <https://github.com/gitwatch/gitwatch>.

- Automatically commit any changes made to a file or directory:

`gitwatch {{path/to/file_or_directory}}`

> - Automatically commit changes, and push these to git repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automatically commit changes and push them to a remote repository:
```

`gitwatch -r {{remote_name}} {{path/to/file_or_directory}}`

> - Automatically commit changes, and push these to a specific branch of the git repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automatically commit changes and push them to a specific branch of a remote repository:
```
